senior political analyst Marwan bashari
joins us from uh on Skype from Paris and
so Marwan just picking up on christen's
comments there about the very passionate
remarks made by the Palestinian
representative maid bamia and very
powerful not just perhaps in his
description of uh the suffering of the
Palestinians but also in the way he was
explaining how it has been allowed to
happen and the sort of level of Cruelty
and dehumanization to the point where
body
have been reduced to um numbers in
unmarked Graves and where Palestinians
are called Human animals in language and
rhetoric that is accepted even uh in
some cases encouraged by Israel's
allies yes uh for many months now in
fact for many years we've heard uh from
Israelis and Palestinians speaking uh
across each other uh they don't even
meet at any one point there are two
speeches meant for two different
audiences as if uh within their own
ecosystem and uh it sounds at least from
the Israeli side there's always a zero
some gain but today there was something
different it wasn't just about the
passion which was there and the Humane
approach which was also there but was
also about the counterarguments I think
it's refreshing to see uh Palestinians
uh putting out each and every every
argument as Spilled Out by the Israelis
and countering it uh with I think a more
rational uh more
reasonable uh argument that is quite
simple and quite comprehensive for the
audience at at least at the UN Security
Council to understand but also for
people around the world to get but what
we also get maram and I think probably
this is the most important for me coming
out of this sort of session especially
at the United Nations security Council
as the South African have said and as
the Palestinian have said is meant or is
concerned with peace and security with
International Peace and security where
are we today eight months into this war
on Gaza well I think we have two will
defined camps and that just came out
across at the UN Security Council
there's a war camp and there's a peace
camp the Palestinian representative was
talking about peace the Need For Peace
the need for ceasefire the need for
negotiation
diplomacy the Israeli representative was
talking about war the need for war the
need for the continuation of war the
need for more offenses the need to
intensify the war the the the reason why
there are no other alternatives to war
right to basically genocide because they
had to inh helate Hamas and so on so
forth and this idea the idea of a well
defined uh war camp and peace Camp is
not just at the security Council now
they are the world over you see War
mongers versus peace activists you see
students versus cynical Elites you see
might versus right you see peaceful
protests and you see consp conspiracies
in dark rooms you see mafosi type
shakedowns and you see people uh uh uh
crying out for peace you see people
signing petitions for peace and you see
people signing Rockets to kill
Palestinian families you see
international human rights organizations
and you see arms lobbyists and Israeli
lobbyists so the entire world today is
responding in one of two ways War camps
which is quite a minority and
basically lies with Israel's main Ally
today the sunak the Schulz and the
bidens of the world and and then there's
the rest of the world that wants peace
that wants a ceasefire that wants an end
to this genocidal conflict I'm just
wondering about that you you speak about
the rest of the world and you know how
conscious are the Palestinians when they
deliver their remarks at a meeting like
this of that particular audience this
growing movement that has been dismissed
as anti-semitic threatened to have their
careers and their reputations destroyed
yet it is a movement that remains
defiant you know when the Palestinian
Ambassador is speaking about the
hypocrisy of the politics he's making
arguments about the failure to comply
with international law is is this who he
is really trying to uh to reach out to
and to communicate
with this is the thing right I think I
mean in as much as the Palestinians are
making uh today at least a very
important discourse with a very
important narrative towards peace and
Justice I think a lot of the arguments
made in the speech are actually inspired
by Jewish activists around the world by
peace activists around the world by this
new movement for social justice for
equality anti-racism around the world I
think young people and peace activists
and liberal progressives around the
world are teaching leaders especially
cynical leaders lessons every day in
politics and diplomacy and international
relations so when they when the
Palestinian is speaking about how Israel
is exploiting prostituting anti-Semitism
and the Holocaust he's using those
arguments that's really been made so
eloquently Now by Jewish activists here
in the west notably against the
Netanyahu of the world saying stop
carrying war in our name stop exploiting
anti-Semitism in our name stop carrying
genocide in the name of the Holocaust so
I think these arguments are now
widespread and people no longer buy into
the charge of anti-Semitism when as the
Palestinian spokesman said if the IC is
anti-Semitic and the icj is anti-Semitic
and the UN is anti-Semitic and
international human rights organization
antisemitic and South Africa and so so
forth well then everyone is anti-Semitic
and when everyone is anti-Semitic no one
ismetric all right thank you very much
uh P Alice Maran bashari joining us
there from Paris thank you
Marwan make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from alaz